docs: Update README (#93)
Azure/static-web-apps-cli: readme.md

## Local authentication & authorization emulation

The CLI allows you to mock and read authentication & authorization credentials.

> > **NOTE:** You must use port `4280` to access the authentication UI.

Reviewer: While `4280` is the default port, users may provide a different port using the `--port` option.

Author: I'll update the note to say that.

> > **NOTE:** You must use port `4280` to access the authentication UI.

Author: ```suggestion
> **NOTE:** The default port is to access the authentication UI is `4280`, but you can override using the `--port` option.
```

### Mocking credentials

When requesting `http://localhost:4280/.auth/login/<PROVIDER_NAME>`, you have access a local authentication UI allowing you to set fake user information.

> Provider names available include:

Reviewer: User may also use their own auth providers

Author: okay - maybe just take this section out then?

> Provider names available include:
> 
> - aad
> - facebook
> - github
> - google
> - twitter

Author: ```suggestion
```
